Docs: New index page with list of all visualizations and panels (#36756)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/visualizations/_index.md

+++
title = "Visualizations"
weight = 420
+++

> # Visualizations

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
# Visualization panels
```

Do we want to make it more clear that "panels" == "visualizations"?  And adding new "panel plugins" adds more visualization options?

> Grafana offers a variety of different visualizations to suit different use cases. This section of the documentation lists the different visualizations available in Grafana, their unique options and use cases. You can add more panel types with [plugins]({{< relref "../../plugins/_index.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana offers a variety of visualizations to support different use cases. This section of the documentation highlights the built-in panels, their options and typical usage. You can add more visualization types by installing panel [plugins]({{< relref "../../plugins/_index.md" >}}) from the plugin catalog.
```
